Document pnpm dlx path (#580)
pnpm/pnpm.io: docs/npmrc.md

  * On Linux: **~/.local/share/pnpm/store**
* Type: **path**

> The location where all the packages are saved on the disk (exception: [`pnpm dlx`](./cli/dlx.md)).

Author: Or, another idea: link to the [`cache-dir` heading](https://pnpm.io/npmrc#cache-dir) on the same page:

```suggestion
The location where all the packages are saved on the disk (exception: [cache incl. `dlx` data](#cache-dir)).
```

> The location where all the packages are saved on the disk (exception: [`pnpm dlx`](./cli/dlx.md)).

Reviewer: There is no exception. The files for dlx are still stored in the store directory. They are reflinked or hardlinked from the store directory to the dlx cache (same as when you `pnpm install` on one of your Node.js projects). In fact, `pnpm dlx` is just `pnpm install` on a temporary dlx cache directory.

```suggestion
The location where all the packages are saved on the disk.
```

Author: if the pnpm team thinks that there is no need to clarify in this position, then feel free to remove this change of mine

I added it because I think it's common to run into the "store location" docs when searching for locations for where pnpm stores files

but users won't always be looking for these particular paths, so linking elsewhere, where other paths can be found was my aim here

### Alternative

an alternative would be a single page which ONLY listed out directory paths that pnpm used (regardless of whether it's the files or symlinks), so that it's centralized in one place...

bigger PR though

Reviewer: I guess the overarching concern is when cleaning up disk spaces, the user needs to know the locations to remove?

There are 3 types of locations need to be concern about:
* Your projects' `node_modules`.
* The store directory.
* The cache directory.

The files used by `dlx` are well within the 3 confines above (technically 2). And if you remove the 3 above, you should clean up `dlx`.

Maybe you can document the 3 locations above (if the documentation doesn't have it already). But to word it as an "exception" would confuse the users.

Author: > when cleaning up disk spaces, the user needs to know the locations to remove?

no, I wasn't concerned with cleaning up disk space

my use case (mentioned in the PR description above) is to find the location of the files that are currently running when running the `dlx` commands, so that I can modify the files:

> I was having trouble finding the location of packages such as `create-playwright` when running any of these commands (I was trying to edit them to verify that my PR to `create-playwright` would behave as I wanted):
> 
> ```shell
> pnp dlx create-playwright
> 
> pnpx create-playwright
> 
> pnpm create playwright
> ```

Reviewer: Well, `dlx` is still not an exception here. It still uses the same `store-dir` and its "projects" are still in the same `cache-dir`.

Author: I didn't mean to suggest that dlx was an exception

I'm trying to describe use cases of developers who:

1. use pnpm (maybe using `--global`, maybe using `dlx`)
2. who want to modify the `node_modules` files that are currently being run

the problems I'm trying to alleviate with this PR (maybe not clear, I'll copy this above to the PR description):

these developers need to find the files. it's currently not easy and centralized to find the locations of these files.

Reviewer: > it's currently not easy and centralized to find the locations of these files.

I see. You should create an issue and discuss it with @zkochan.

Author: I edited the PR description to provide a clearer picture into the motivations.

If it needs to be copied to an issue, I can do this too.

Reviewer: > If it needs to be copied to an issue, I can do this too.

I meant regarding what you said about not easy to find a centralized location that list all these locations of `--global`, `dlx`, etc. I didn't mean just `dlx`.
